updated docker layer caching docs (#4478)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/caching-ci-data/docker-layer-caching.md

---

> title: Docker Layer Caching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Docker layer caching
```

description: Caching Docker layers between pipeline executions can reduce build times.
sidebar_position: 20
---

When a layer changes in your Docker image, that layer must be rebuilt. Additionaly, all layers that come after must also be rebuilt. Docker layer caching allows these layers to be cached and reused between your pipelines, which can dramatically reduce build times.

> ## Harness Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker layer caching with Harness Cloud
```

[Harness Cloud](../set-up-build-infrastructure/use-harness-cloud-build-infrastructure.md) can manage the Docker layer [cache backend](https://docs.docker.com/build/cache/backends/) for you, without relying on your Docker registry. This ensures that layers are always pulled from the fastest available source.

Enable Docker layer caching by selecting __Enable Docker layer caching__ in your Docker build and push step.

:::note

> Support for Docker layer caching with Harness Cloud build infrastructure is a beta feature that is behind a feature flag. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature in your account.<!-- CI_ENABLE_DLC and CI_HOSTED_CONTAINERLESS_OOTB_STEP_ENABLED --> <!-- DLC uses the buildx plugin rather than kaniko or drone-docker. Example - GCR buildx plugin: https://github.com/drone-plugins/drone-buildx-gcr -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Docker layer caching with Harness Cloud is behind a feature flag. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.<!-- CI_ENABLE_DLC and CI_HOSTED_CONTAINERLESS_OOTB_STEP_ENABLED --> <!-- DLC uses the buildx plugin rather than kaniko or drone-docker. Example - GCR buildx plugin: https://github.com/drone-plugins/drone-buildx-gcr -->
```

Applied standard ff text used in the CI docs. Please also move the note to the top of the section (Line 11). We lead with the FF note whenever it applies.

:::

> ## Other infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker layer caching with other build infrastructures
```

This is primarily for SEO.

> Other build infrastructure can leverage remote Docker caching using your existing Docker registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other build infrastructures can leverage remote Docker caching using your existing Docker registry.
```

I think we should clarify that this isn't available for all build infrastructures, like you did on the other page: `Remote caching isn't available for all build infrastructures. If available for your build infrastructure,...`

Each Docker layer is uploaded as an image to a Docker repo you identify. If the same layer is used in subsequent builds, Harness downloads the layer from the Docker repo. You can also specify the same Docker repo for multiple Docker build steps, enabling them to share the same remote cache.

You can enable the **Remote Cache Image** option in the following steps:

* [Build and Push to Docker](../build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-docker-hub-step-settings.md)
* [Build and Push to ECR](../build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-ecr-step-settings.md)
* [Build and Push to GAR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-gar.md)

> * [Build and Push to GCR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-gcr.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Build and Push to GCR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-gcr.md)
* [Build and Push to ACR](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/build-and-upload-artifacts/build-and-push-to-acr.md)
```

I guess I missed adding ACR before.
